Update docs: /reveal endpoint removed (#414)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/arbitrate/autopilot.md

The scoring process is described in detail in the [description of CoW Protocol's optimization problem](/cow-protocol/reference/core/auctions/the-problem).
The autopilot selects the winner according to the highest score once the allotted time expires or all solvers have returned their batch proposal.

Up to this point, the autopilot only knows the score.

> The autopilot then execute the corresponding settlement transaction (`/settle`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autopilot then tells the winning driver to execute the settlement (`/settle`).
```

The autopilot selects the winner according to the highest score once the allotted time expires or all solvers have returned their batch proposal.

Up to this point, the autopilot only knows the score and not the full solution that achieves that score.

> The autopilot then asks the winning solver to reveal its score (through `/reveal`) and then to execute the corresponding settlement transaction (`/settle`).

Reviewer: Should still mention that we do a `/settle` call.
